I'm just going to go ahead and see this
should be nice and warm by now yep good
there so I have my lead free solder my
solder iron and I'm not the best at
soldering but not the worst either but
basically what i like to do if it's a
heavier gauge wire i usually hold it
against the wire and just slowly melt
the solder into there and it'll kind of
blend in there but this is real real
tiny wire so i can't hold it there for
very long i see that one's already
soldered and
there we go ok so those are good and
I'll just go ahead get these two and I
did try to zoom in the camera but if i
zoom it in too much it gets real blurry
so hopefully you guys can see this
fairly well ok I'll that's excuse me hmm
that's about it for the soldering pretty
easy on the little wires bigger wires I
would just hold the iron on their order
side or gone whichever you had let it
heat out for a few seconds of then just
slowly try to work the side or in there
it'll just absorb into the wire so I
just a soldering tip ok I'm going to let
that dry real quick ok I'm not gonna do
after I'm done let's make sure it lights
up it does so that's definitely good
sign quite shut back off and I don't
have a lot of room inside here so what I
normally do I just usually wrap one wire
with electric tape because if you put
them together it's going to short out
nothing's going to happen if you wrap
one of them up you will get one nice and
insulated from the other one so this
should not short out at all so normally
after then I'm just going to go ahead
and wrap this over there and I'll do the
other one off camera so now that I have
the shrink tube on here shrink wrap to
whichever you want to call it normally a
lot of people use heat guns that's too
loud for this video I mean you can use
flames you have to be careful obviously
you want to melt anything so turn
good angle here just go ahead and hold
the flame might be hard to see but to be
able to see it shrinking almost
immediately and it'll be real tight
Isley hold it about a good inch two
inches away and just make sure it's
a little more but that's right so once
once again I would like to just turn it
on where's the sensor it there we go so
now it works that's great so I'm just
going to go ahead and do the other one
room okay so um have both ends done and
went ahead and checked it and works
that's great so now you need to decide
excuse me now you need to decide what
type of container I got put it in well
I've been using these glass jars ibex a
hand for quite a few years I thought I'd
make millions making candles but that
never happened so I'm I've always
leftover bottles have these and a lot of
these left over and even if you just
have the single solar light that would
be like two or three dollars at Walmart
basically this one here which I haven't
made a made a stand for yet but I'm
these little jars i got from ikea as you
can see but these are a little more
complicated there's four wires and
they're a lot more soldering to do and
stuff so anyway i'm going to go ahead
and use this jar and this guy is quite a
bit bigger than the other ones that i've
been using which let me just show you
this is the one from walgreens quite a
bit smaller
so I'm going to have to do a little more
cutting I had to cut this one out too
but so what I'm going to do is go ahead
and get a hacksaw and probably cut right
around that line there and make its
little sister okay so I very carefully
went and cut around and a couple reasons
to be careful one nice and slow so it
doesn't skip and you know cut your hands
or anything and this is just plastic so
it breaks kind of easy and another
reason you have to hang on to it nice
and care for all the way I just start
ripping out your wires then just have to
start soldering again so this is a
definitely safer I just take your time
when you're doing it so okay let me
clean this up real quick